 We would like to inform you that please do the following steps and check if the issue is resolved. Solution 1: Battery reset 1. Unplug AC power adapter. 2. Locate the battery reset pinhole on the bottom of the system. 3. Insert a small paperclip in the battery reset pinhole. Hold the reset button for 30 seconds. 4. Let the system sit for 5 minutes with no power. 5. Connect the AC adapter and power on the system. Solution 2: Power drain Before you start the power drain process 1. Disconnect all the external devices (for example: Wi-Fi dongle or a Pen Drive). 2. Flip the laptop upside down and look for the battery • If the battery is removable, use the steps in Power Drain Process for a removable battery. • If there battery is non-removable, use the steps in Power Drain Process for a non-removable battery. Power Drain Process - Laptop with a removable battery Follow the step by step instruction given below to understand how a power drain is done where the battery can be removed. 1. Shut down the Laptop. 2. Press and Hold the power button till the laptop is turned off. 3. Unplug the AC adapter from the laptop. 4. Remove the battery. 5. Press and Hold the Power button for about 20 seconds to drain the power Note: Ensure AC Adapter is unplugged and Battery is removed before performing this step 6. Plug-in the adapter and check for functionality. 7. a. If problem persists repeat this Power Drain process one more time. b. If laptop has turned on and if the display is normal, then power off the laptop once again and connect the battery and then check for functionality. Power Drain Process - Laptop with a non-removable battery 1.Shut down the Laptop. 2. Press and Hold the power button till the laptop is turned off. 3. Unplug the AC adapter from the laptop. 4. Press and Hold the Power button for about 20 seconds to drain the power Note: Ensure AC Adapter is unplugged (as battery cannot be removed). 5. Plug-in the adapter and check for functionality. If problem persists repeat the above Power Drain Process one more time. Note: • Once the laptop start functioning properly, connect the external devices one at a time and check for functionality. 